[Enter Team Name Here]
======================

  "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success."
-Bruce Feirstein

  Our spimbot implements a dual-mode offensive and defensive strategy.
Initially, the spimbot is in offensive attack mode. The spimbot targets the
first flag in the array, as it was determined that finding the closest flag
wasn't worth the cycles. The flags are similiar enough in distance that this
works out just fine.

  After collecting a certain number of flags (less than the maximum number per
hand), the spimbot returns to base and drops off the flags. At this point, if
our score is greater than 12 (to obtain the 60 base points) and a certain
number of points higher than the opponent's score, we'll enter defense mode.
Otherwise, stay in offense mode and continue to rack up points. If the other
spimbot is really good, we might not ever enter defense mode.

  In defense mode, we stay on the x=148 line and move up and down to match the
enemy's y coordinate. This way, as long as the enemy isn't invisible, we should
be able to keep it from entering or exiting our side of the field without
getting tagged. If at any point during the defense mode the enemy's score gets
back within the threshold of our score, we'll exit defense mode and go back
into offensive attack mode.

  Besides the two modes, there are several other features and optimizations.
Fist, it was determined that adding a rule2 suduko solver wasn't worth the
cycles, as rule1 can solve almost all of the puzzles. Adding rule2 just
decreased the total number of sudoku puzzles solved. Secondly, the entire
rule1 sudoku solver was optimized by counting some loops backwards towards
zero, utilizting fewer expensive psuedoinstructions, and decreasing the total
instruction count. Invisibility also plays an important role in our spimbot's
quest for domination. Invisibility is enabled if we are on the enemy's side of
the field, have the energy to do so, and are within a certain distance of the
enemy spimbot. This way, it makes it very difficult for the enemy spimbot to
tag us, unless our spimbot doesn't have the energy required to go invisible.
